Using the service name for the availibilty checker (#16062)
Sylius/Sylius: UPGRADE-1.13.md

        max_int_value: 9223372036854775807
    ```

> 1. The `sylius_inventory.checker` parameter has been deprecated and will be removed in 2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `sylius_inventory.checker` configuration node has been deprecated and will be removed in 2.0.
```
Not a parameter
